# Customer Development

# 1. (Two Customer Problems)
> Select two Customer Problems to focus on. Take time to reflect if you wholeheartedly want to run the business that results from each Customer Problem, using insights from the Initial Interviews and Market Research. For each of the original three Customer Problems, write a few sentences that describe your daily life as the Founder when the business has 250 employees after 5 years, describing your daily routine and overall happiness. Eliminate one Customer Problem that scores the least on likelihood of success and personal fulfillment. Review the decision with your Working Group. Write a few sentences on why you are eliminating one of the three Customer Problems, including any of the insights from your Working Group. (2 Hours)

# 2. (Key Assumptions)
> For your remaining ideas identify at least three Key Assumptions that you are making for your Customer Problem or Problems to be real. For example, Key Assumptions may be 'small business owners are willing to pay for legal templates' or ‘college students are willing to install and use a new app to tell friends their location.' Write a title for each Key Assumption, and then write a few sentences about each Key Assumption. Email your Key Assumptions to your Working Group and collect multiple pieces of feedback. Write a synopsis of the peer feedback as a bulleted list under each Key Assumption. (2 Hours)

# 3. (Comprehensive Customer Interviews)
> Develop a longer series of customer interview questions based on your Initial Interviews and Key Assumptions. Write at least ten open-ended customer interview questions for each Customer Problem, possibly using a tool like Customer Interview Script Generator (http://fndri.com/1Kbn5qn - See Resources). For each Customer Problem, do a detailed 30 minute interview with at least 5 customers, at least 2 of whom you have not interviewed before, for a total of at least 10 customers, at least 4 of whom are new. See if you can select these additional 2 customers for each Customer Problem to resemble your Identified Lead Customers. Remember to listen for negative feedback, and do not let people be ‘nice’ and tell you only what you want to hear. Write the name of the 10+ individuals interviewed and a one sentence description of their background. Then, provide a bulleted list of any positive or negative key insights about each Customer Problem gained from the interview. (7 Hours)

# 4. (Customer Archetype)
> Develop a Customer Archetype that describes your ideal target customers, following the example of this guide (http://fndri.com/2wsTXc0). For each of the two Customer Problems, leverage feedback from the Comprehensive Interviews to write one paragraph that describes the ideal customer for the solution, providing demographic information, hobbies, interests, position, work and professional life. Then, write a second paragraph for each of the two Customer Problems that describes why a customer needs your solution and how they will learn about your solution, as well as any steps that are needed to adopt your solution. Be as detailed and precise as possible with all of the above, and include sample photos and any other research. (2 Hours)

# 5. (Existing Solutions)
> Write a few sentences on how each of your Customer Archetypes currently solves each of the Customer Problems that you are addressing. Provide a bulleted list of the steps and the tools that the Customer Archetype currently uses for each Customer Problem. Write a few sentences on why your solution will be multiple times better, faster or cheaper than the current solutions for the Customer Problem, and try to quantify the benefits with precise numbers or estimates. (1 Hour)

# 6. (Failed Solutions)
> Identify as many startups as possible within the time allotted that have tried to address each of your Customer Problems and gone out of business or failed to achieve significant market traction. Speak to your Working Group, Mentors and your Directors for assistance, as well as research online (See Resources). Write a few sentences describing the startup that failed, including a bulleted list of links to any articles, blog posts, financings or post-mortem analysis. Write another couple of sentences on why you believe that the startup failed, and how your solution will be substantively different. (2 Hours)

# 7. (Landing Pages)
> Launch Landing Pages. For each remaining Customer Problem, develop a professional looking single page Landing Page that is designed to explain it to your Initial Customer Archetype, using a Landing Page service (See Resources). If you do not have a company name or logo, use any simple placeholder name, and make the logo the company name in a simple font. Share the Landing Page with the individuals from your Comprehensive Interviews and ask for feedback. set up the Landing Pages to collect email addresses for more information. Share your Landing Pages and ask The List to share the Landing Pages on their social media. Provide links to the Landing Pages, a bulleted list of interviewee feedback on them, a list of places where the Landing Pages were shared, any email addresses you collected, and whether any of those email addresses were people you don’t know. (4 Hours)

# 8. (Failure)
> Examine what might cause you to stop pursuing your business or the Customer Problem(s). Imagine a scenario where you would give up. Write a paragraph that describes your life circumstances and business circumstances that would cause you to stop. For example, you may spend all of your savings, you may lose an important personal relationship or you may not get enough customer demand. Then, for each Customer Problem, write a bulleted list of three circumstances that would cause the business to fail that are unique to the Customer Problem. (2 Hours)

# 9. (Office Hours)
> Write three bullet points of feedback that you received on each Customer Problem during Office Hours last week or this week, and write one paragraph on how this influenced your decision on which Customer Problem to move ahead with. (30 minutes)

# 10. (First Mailing)
> Send your First Mailing. Expand The List to include at least 10 more people, potentially including the customers that you interviewed. Then, send your first mailing to The List that includes multiple paragraphs and photos with: (1) a description of your entrepreneurial journey to date, including your decision to enroll in the Founder Institute, (2) a description of the Customer Problem or Problems that you have chosen to focus on, (3) an overview of why you are passionate about the Customer Problem or Problems and (4) a solicitation for any feedback to improve. Provide a copy of your email. (1 Hour)

# 11. (Hotseat Pitch)
> Update and prepare a Hotseat Pitch for both of your Customer Problems. Use progress from Customer Development to update the Hotseat Pitch on the Customer Problem that you have been using to date. Then, using a similar format, create a Hotseat Pitch for your other Customer Problem. Practice both Hotseat Pitches at least five times on your own for a total of at least ten practice sessions. Run through both Hotseat Pitches in your Working Group meeting and solicit a one to five scoring and feedback on each pitch. Provide a bulleted list of the score and feedback from each Working Group peer on each pitch. Prepare to use the highest rated pitch on the next Hotseat. (2 Hours)